MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 CortexOS Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

DISCLAIMER:

This code is experimental research software that never achieved stable
production deployment. It is provided "as-is" for educational and research
purposes only. The original implementation encountered significant deployment
challenges and integration issues.

Users should approach this codebase with realistic expectations. While
individual components may function correctly in isolation, the integrated
system has known issues with cross-platform compatibility, deployment
stability, and end-to-end functionality.

The authors and contributors make no guarantees about the functionality,
reliability, or suitability of this software for any particular purpose.
Use at your own risk.
